Ugh
F
what are we going to see now man I don't like it I
never like it really you know
never Amparo gorgeous Thanks for
renewing because here they make fun of us for
people's physiques and all that
but of course We have to
comment on this because it is the viral topic of the day
damn if we get to 3000 likes we will give
the night to the telesalseo we are going to annoy
Javi listen right now he took the
cell phone from my five nephews because I have them
held and I give you like From there
tarin Dale
subscribe from your nephew's channels
this image has gone viral
today today everyone was commenting on
this image okay Leticia Sabater
giving a concert like
this
Leticia Sabater has been making a fool of herself for many years
but I think it's on
purpose I do
n't know for sure I do
n't know what she put in the middle of her
stomach I do
n't understand why she does that
honestly Let's
see you have to be like really thin
for your butts to show I don't
understand this what is one I understand that  there is
an operation to make your
abs look like that but she hasn't had
man abs no I
mean I've seen it on other women like that
marked the abdomen and such a little bit
slimmer more beautiful no but this is how it
seems it's going to disguise no
[ __ ] how ugly Leticia Sabater looks like a
monster I'm going to laugh at her physique Uff
the operations she looks like a wax doll
bua How scary I'm going to have a nightmare you
have no shame let's see let's see she's
wearing one she's
wearing something
okay she's wearing something that is at
least striking and
suggests the comment I mean look at the
necklace she's wearing here sexy no I mean let's
see it
's a little
[Music]
I always think that each thing has its thing
each age has its thing
safiar here it's that literally Yes look
literally you have a you know it looks like
the same photo you see it from afar and it
looks like the same photo This one that is
and to think that at 15 I was
madly in love with Leticia
Sabater man let's see
obviously people grow up people get
older as time goes by obviously time passes
by people but man
I think that How old is she  Leticia
Sabater It's
that I think she appears to be more than she
has, I mean, I think she's
doing some very strange things to herself, it
's shameful how she let herself be humiliated on
Sálvame for money, she
has them painted, no, they're not painted, they're
operated on, she's had them for a long time
but of course they are some
abs that I think are marked
because of course they are abs that you have
put there no, but they are marked
forever no, even if you get fat
suddenly it makes you super fat and you have
the belly and the abs are in front
no,
she's one of those who say I'm stupid and give me bread,
most likely behind the
mockery and memes hides a
tragic story, we rarely stop to think
about it when we ridicule
people for their appearance or their actions, I
don't know if this is the case with Leticia Sabaté
but this image has made me think about
it, let's see, what I know with Leticia
Sabater is that
for many years she has been
doing something on YouTube that is very ugly,
okay,
very ugly,
she  I would take it
and know how one
made videos on YouTube okay
with ridiculous songs okay I do
n't remember what the songs were called,
Leticia Sabaté's songs,
she made like some
ridiculous songs making a fool of herself on
purpose so that people and
youtubers would
make videos for her okay And what she did what she
did was
when everyone provoked each other
so that everyone would make a video
and when the youtubers made the videos for her
she would take it and claim
copyright from everyone okay to
auronplay to all those who made videos she would
claim the salchipapas exactly
those videos now everyone Every time
Leticia Sabate uploaded the video every
year someone would comment on it and now I caught her she
would claim the copyright on YouTube and
all the income for herself from everything from
auronplay from Jordi Wild
and she would take it and take a she would take a
little money curious you know
then Leticia Sabaté is not a
person who is not a person who
deserves much respect
I think that is what she is saying
tell me stupid and how Give me bread and  Tell me I'm stupid,
no,
56 years old.